But once that's done, the usual step is to do a VMAS pipeline that would generate the app servers and the CTS servers in DeTest and then in Prod.
Right now, they're not connected to anything or each other.
They're just brand new VMs.
Then there is a puppet step that does your puppet story.
Because right now, you can't even SSH to those servers.
Only DS admin.
Certain accounts are allowed to SSH to the server and do the installation of the playbooks and everything that's required.
So you set up that using puppet.
So that would be another story to set up, configure the DS so that you're able to ssH to it and maybe also
1.00
I the Python and the other jars, t
For ForgeRock to be able to run.
Right now, I think we are using 17 or 21.
I think 21.
Sorry.
It was 17, I believe.
17, yeah.
Yeah.
I think we're using 17.
So we'll make sure everything is set up.
That'll be the second story.
Install.
Basically set up the VM correctly.
And then once we have that, we'll...
But that's like just a brand new VM.
It still doesn't have the ForgeRock flavor to it.
So that's what we call the DS install.
Basically a story to install 800 version of DS on it.
That'll be the third story.
But right now, these are like all isolated servers that are not connected to each other or anything.
They just have the Python and the Java and the SSH setups required.
We also need a cert story so that because otherwise anyone can access these servers.
So for us to make sure that only the right people are able to access these servers, we also...
USA keeps track of which servers...
Like wallets...
What are the valid certs for the servers?
And they keep...
You have to renew it every few...
Atacadanca
mauha nt tun
At a cadence, maybe at two years or...
So all those have to be set up for the new servers.
So that we can log into them and perform actions required for installation.
So that would be the step one, I guess.
That might have three or four or five stories to install the certs.
And we can give you an example, charlie, for the current feature.
Like what stories we had.
And so we can completely, most likely, clone them for member.
Like it would most likely translate one is to one from employee to member.
You can change employee to member.
But I'm just giving you a high level process overview so that you understand why it's happening like that.
Okay -
So right now, they are not connected to each other.
So you will have brand new CTS servers and app servers.
Then step two, am I going too fast or is it...
Do you guys have any questions before I move to the next stage?
So the cert...
Do we have a separate team for that cert rotation that we do?
Or do we have to install...
So there are two steps to it.
One step is to request cert for the new servers that you have.
And then the second step would be to install it on the servers.
Install on the server is a playbook that we have.
And request is something that you request another team.
okay •
okay.
And then step two would be...
Right now...
Basically...
That is still later in...
Basically you will connect...
We'll start migrating data.
So we'll connect all the app servers to each other.
That's called replication.
Basically bootstrapping the app servers.
If you've heard the term before.
So we'll make sure...
That these app servers are connected to each other only.
For now they are not still connected to...
The old app servers.
so they're not taking any new traffic.
Anything that's coming is still coming through...
Through the DS 733.
And say for example this is a dev environment.
so there'll be four app servers and they'll be connected to each other.
Then there'll be a canary pipeline.
That will connect to it.
But they are still not connected.
so in the next stage we'll connect these two.
And we'll start migration of data.
So once we bootstrap and once these servers start replicating each other.
Nothing is being read from these servers.
They are only reading whatever is being fed to these servers.
AM is still connected to the old app servers.
There'll be an equivalent CTS version here as well.
So it will be replicated here.
I guess this is a better.
So once we...
Yeah, once the step two would be maybe these servers are connected to each other now.
They know about each other.
And then step three would be completing the rollout.
There's a migration that happens.
So in this stage, zero person traffic.
First, they'll be connected to each other.
AM is still connected to this.
And they're not...
These are only read-only servers.
Nothing is being written to them.
Everything is being written to the old Ds servers.
And then we eventually start connecting.
Hey Tim.
Just...
Sorry, we just started because I think you already know this.
So I thought we'll get started.
Hope you didn't mind.
Sorry, if anybody addressed me.
I just got on the audio now.
So...
Okay, okay.
No, I was just telling we started.
Because this is something you know all of it.
So...
okay, no worry.
Yeah, yeah.
And maybe you can now fill in because I don't think I'm as good at explaining as you are.
So please feel free to fill in if I'm missing something.
Okay.
So basically right now what's happening is we are...
Once we start the Canary pipeline, when it's at zero percent, it is still utilizing 100%
the 733.
But in Praj slowly, we'll move it to five percent.
So five...
Like 10 percent.
So only one tenth of the traffic will go to the app servers and the rest of it will go through.
And these are all replicating to each other.
So when you do a DSR that shows you the replication, you'll realize all eight of them.
1.00
There'll be four app servers that are with 733 and four with 8.0 and they'll be replicating to each other.
Similarly for CTS, it will be similar.
And then we'll slowly and steadily increase the percentage.
We'll make sure we'll do our monitoring and make sure the introspect time...
...still is similar.
We don't have any impact on the authentication and authorization for the Canary pods.
And rollback is very easy, right?
Because if we see there is an increase in latency or availability, we straight away thengo to zero percent Canary and then divert all the traffic to
So this approach gives us a slow and steady win.
We try to release EAM over a period of three days.
So this is the migration that takes three days because we want to make sure the new servers are able to handle the trafficthat the old servers were
So we'll stay in 100 percent for a day.
we'll see if the servers are doing fine and then we'll complete the migration.
And then everything at this point will now point to the new servers.
And right now, I think when you see your updates for EAM, for app servers, we've already disconnected these.
So the final step would be now, since they are still replicating to each other, we'll disconnect these also.
And I can show you, I guess.
Similarly for CTS, we would do the same.
We'll disconnect the old CTS servers from the new one.
Since the new ones, the 8.00 are now taking updates from EAM.
EAM is still 7.5.
We haven't updated it.
I think we'll get to it in next PI.
This PI, our goal is to get member dev and test upgraded.
The DS backend and then hopefully maybe make it to prod.
But once we are done with the backends, all these, that's when we'll start doing an AM upgrade.
But that's a different story.
Yeah, we're not talking about that.
And then once we have this, once we are in this state, once we've disconnected this, now the last story would be to retire these servers, make sur
Sure.
Tim, you were saying something?
No, I think it was.
oh, no.
Sorry.
I probably should mute.
I think you're here in the background.
oh, it's perfectly fine.
But yeah, I think, yeah, right now.
okay, I think I haven't talked about Prometheus in between.
But at this point, when everything is connected to the new servers, we'll retire the old VMs.
So that's the story right now that Tim is working on.
And today, what we are going to do in production, maybe I can quickly go, I'll just show you, I'm not going
to.
okay, so these, and if I do DSR, this is what shows the replication status.
So as you can see, these are all the eight servers.
These four are the new ones.
DS802, and these are the old ones.
But they are not taking any traffic.
Traffic is now coming through here.
They are only just receiving the data.
Mill care one
securite
I'll show you like what I mean by they're not taking any traffic.
Let me exit from fraud.
So today we are planning to disconnect these old and new because since it's been a week, we've been using these new servers.
Everything looks fine.
So now we can disconnect and get rid of the old servers.
Sorry, Jamie was here, so.
Okay, I'll show you.
So these four are the old servers, OATL, 01.
And these four are the new ones that we have right now.
DS802.
So as you can see, the top four, the 01 ones and the 12s are the ones that are taking connection.
And the last four, they're not taking any connection.
So they're only getting data replicated from the new
servers.
So today we are going to disconnect them.
And then next week we're going to retire those servers.
That'll be around like, that's the gist of stories that we would do and that's the process.
Okay -
High level overview.
I think I missed the Prometheus part.
But other than that, do you guys have any questions other than Prometheus?
okay, so I'll just quickly go over.
Sorry, you said something, Shilu?
I think I'm good.
1.00
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
So right now, so in this process, we also have monitoring on these servers, right?
We use Prometheus for monitoring and making sure we are actively making sure that these servers are up and running.
They have the right CPU and the ForgeRock process is running on them.
So for that we use Prometheus, but we do not want, since still this process, these are not actively taking traffic.
So we don't, so the way we do our monitoring is we have a stable and a canary variant.
So right now, all the prod servers, initially everything that's taking traffic is stable and these would be canary.
But we would not enable, because we don't want to deal with alerts while we are setting it up.
Like, say for example, right now, Shilu, you're setting up the server, right?
You do not want that, if the ForgeRock process is, you are trying to fix and make sure everything is working.
You don't want alerts to be thrown off the server.
So right now, we will keep them in a canary variant.
So we'll have a story to make sure that these servers are not throwing alerts to the new servers.
At some point, once they start taking traffic and they are ready to, like once AM is ready to be connected to them, that's when we, once we know, o
Replication has started.
Everything is looking good on these servers.
And now we are ready to transition it from 0% to maybe 5% canary.
That's when we will enable alerts, Prometheus alerts.
So we'll have a story that will configure the alerting for these servers.
And then eventually once we, so we will enable alerting for the old new servers here.
And eventually now today, we are going to, since we are retiring these 733 old servers, we'll remove alerting from these servers today.
Before we, because we are shutting down DS, so we no longer need to make sure that Ds is up and running on them.
So we will shut down alerts because we do not want to support these servers anymore.
We'll submit some of these servers for retirement.
So, yeah, that like that's the high level overview.
Like at some point, shidu, I can go over with you, like our playbook structure.
If you, I don't know, like for Ds, like how we run, like what step, what playbook is responsible for.
Maybe whenever you get to your IDM installation and migration, it will be more useful then.
But till then, I wanted to give you and Charlie a brief overview.
So that you understand what's our overall strategy.
We want to make sure that alerts, but there are no false alerts.
Like those, the alerts that we have should be actionable.
Like if the servers are not doing anything and not taking traffic, we don't want to alert on them.
Because it creates an alert fatigue and like on call or SecApps will have to look into those servers.
So we keep our wikis up to date and involve SecApps.
And we let them know whenever we are doing anything
that involves creating an alert.
So from step three to step four, we will send a lot of notification to our SecApps team because they are the ones.
Now they need to know that these servers are retiring.
Like they were supporting patchman maintenance and everything for our servers.
So we keep them in loop as well.
I was going to the patchman yesterday, but I don't think I was able to log in.
I tried opening the same way you did it in incognito.
I think still I'm not able to connect it.
I think we have an AD group that I can request for access to just...
I can check if I have something for...
What's the one where we can see a delta?
But let me see.
Okay thie ic tha ana
Can you show me your... Can you tell me your...
It's going to be PL7W432.
I started using...
7W...
7w...
I don't know what happened.
I can...
Sorry, I was looking•
7W432.
I selected this, right?
I don't know what happened.
This is AMP.
So you don't need that.
Let me look for...
Batch.
No.
Batch.
NO •
Doesn't look like...
Hmm.
But other than that, Charlie, do you have any other question while I'm looking at this?
No, I don't think so.
Yeah, I'm not sure if you would really need to understand this in detail, but I just wanted to give you some understanding so that it's easier to f
Yeah, no, the overview of the actual...
Yeah, I think the overview of the actual...
Yeah, I think the overview...
...process was helpful.
Voah T don'+ nood to know cnocific dotaile of
Yeah, I don't need to know specific details of...
Yeah, and I think...
Yeah, and I think...
Tim, we still need to create some stories, right?
That's...
And then we can create some of the stories with you, charlie.
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, that's...
That's one thing I wanted to...
To add.
haI'm about to share my screen with you, crlie.
Yeah, that's one thing I wanted to add.
I'm about to share my screen with you, charlie.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you, charlie.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you, charlie.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you, charlie.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
So,
I'm going to share my screen with you.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
So, I'm going to share my screen with you.
so, it's helpful.
Yeah.
So, it's helpful.
Yeah.
Tim, we still need to create some stori
That's...
And then we can create some of the stories with you, charlie.
Yeah, that's...
That's one thing I wanted to add.
I'm about to share my screen because I want to show you something related to that.
Yeah, sure, please.
And so, also for you, Needy, to see if you agree with the way I broke it up this time,
because I broke it up a little bit differently than the previous effort.
Just because the timing of things were...
It was causing us to keep stories open a little bit longer than maybe was...
Was conducive to our work.
so, this is the old one.
Or the one with the current one, I should say, because we're still working this one, right?
So, you'll see all of our stories here.
on this side, you'll see I've broken up.
These are the...
Directly across is the related...
I mean, the story that would be the equivalent for the new effort.
I broke it up into memcts and memconf because we did these at different times.
And, you know, like, doing...
Having one story was causing us to keep the story open longer to wait for the next set of servers to go.
So, once we're done with memconf, we could close that story and then pick up the memcts one and continue.
so, that's why I did need it.
I broke up these here.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Because, as you see over here, we actually did have replications that were broken up.
And we named them differently, so they weren't even the same name.
This one was migrate.
This one was replicate, but they're both replicate.
so, I just normalized that over here.
Mm-hmm.
And I have, for now, the placeholder in-place replication.
I know that we do have some discussion around that to see what we're going to do there.
Mm-hmm.
But I could change that.
So, the ones that are highlighted are the ones that we have to create.
I just simply don't have them yet.
This is for the Prometheus for the new servers.And this is for the NSF share for the memon servers.
So, I have those to create.
Additionally, I'm just noticing now that, oh, there's a talent batch one here, too, that I probably should call out and highlight the role.
But, additionally, you know, we recently added the retirement story here.
So, I need to add it to both sides here.
So, but these are the ones that we need to create.
This one, this one, this one.
And then I need to add the retirement of the other servers down here.
So, that's basically what we need to do.
I don't know.
I don't know, Charlie, if you want to do this, create one of these together, or if you want to navigate to this one and then try to create these an
Either, whatever, however way you want to do it, we can do it.
How about, if you could send me that link over?
Sure.
I can see you.
Actually, no, I got it.
37, 126.
Yeah, and then this one over here.
What the heck?
Okay •
Okay •
This one over here is 35827.
Send this over to.
And so, you can actually navigate to, like for example, this story here.
And I'll send this, I'll send this to you.
Okay •
so, so that you can look at this existing one and then perhaps create the new one and create the new one.
And then if you want to get back together to discuss what you created and we can kind of like go over it with you, or like I said, we could o
And what I'll do is, like I said, I'll add, there's still one or two more stories here, the retirement story that belongs on the old one.
I'll create that one.
I mean, I'll add that to here.
And then send you the accurate listing over.
okay.
So again, yeah, however you guys want to run it.
If you want to, if you want to take this and run with this, charlie.