Sure! Here@s the same text without the timestamps:
Yeah, I heard, um, I heard Shrini starting to complain, and then he realized he wasn't on mute.
so, that's when I heard that because he was like, "What's going on? Every room's taken."
oh, he didn't know that he was... Yeah, then he immediately muted after that.
And I was like, "No, Shrini, I already heard it."
1.00
Yeah, thank you guys for being there before so that we could have the room.
Yeah, yeah, it would have been... I guess we have to use Password Safe, Tim.
oh, yeah, I think those scripts should no longer work, I guess.
Let me get my phone, one second. I'll just share my screen, but let me get my phone as well. Okay, one second.
Okay -
okay, okay.
And then the change request was...
okay.
Okay •
Message melyou had messaged me. So, use that, the 99581.
okay, well, I thought it@s the 906 one secondadid I move...
Yeah, Ive already put it in, its implemented now. Uh, shilu?
oh, 906. Okay. As you can see on the Metal Gear Solid...
There's a thread going on that today morning itself, I think, when I was showing you guys the, um, CTS servers, I logged in directly.
But theyEre saying you're not supposed to do that any longer.
Like, basically use Password Safe.
Control serverEwhere is that zero one else, that right? This is the one.
And the change request numberathis is assigned to me, right?
Yeah, and, um, run Prometheus.
Yes, that
is Prometheus playbook to remove, um, 733 version of CTS servers from monitoring.
Okay, okay. start application session... I don't know, choose other application then...
What happened? Terminal, I guess... Item open.
Yeah, open link... Oh, yeah, this is good. Wow, it let me open through item. I like that better than the terminal.
So thatEs awesome. So now, let's... um, so the playbook that we're... So, um, Shilu will be logged into the server. Let me get these. I can get them on
Okay, but my screen is... I don't have the... I'm at home right now, so I don't have the...
WhatEs the screen to call? Sorry, I don't have that big screen right now, so if I do them side-by-side, it'll be difficult.
But for this Prometheus release, um, what well do is... um, we'll see. so, this is the link to verify.
So, Ill log into here and right now you will see that these servers are being...

If I look at unhealthy, webll only have these two because these are the ones...
Why do we not have the zero two else? That... maybe they had... okay, I know why, they might have had maintenance and thates why they are up now. Bu
Um, you would see, Shilu, that, um, these CONF servers@prod, EMP, the zero one, the 733 ones@they have the variant as canary.
So basically, uh, even though we see them as down, because now we are not using them, they are not actively alerting. Otherwise, anything that's unh
Anything thates here should alert, but because we have the variant as canary, they are not going to alert any longer. I think the other ones also ha
Sorry, the zero two, but just that they are up. Zero two is up right now. It has the variant canary. So, even this one is not alerting. Anything tha
...are the stable servers, and they are the ones that will alert. So, these are the new servers. We want them to alert if the serverts downathe proo
So all these have a variant as stable@the EMP, CONT, 11LSAT. So, this is where we can verify that the changes that we are doing today have...
So, today what we are going to doball these have variant as stable. You want to see... um, so today...
Zero one that you can see@they are there. These are the 733 old ones that we want to stop monitoring, because today we are going to shut them down.
And then, it will start throwing alerts if we shut them down and we do not remove them from monitoring. So, anyways, they are not taking any active
So, we can do it right now. So, today after we do the change, youll see them being replaced with canary.
And the one, one, LSAT, the new ones, they should still have stable.
Yeah, okay, so Ill quickly do the change, then get branch.
Okay, so right now were on Ansible automation, and then the release steps for this would be just to run, um, this Prometheus playbook with the cana
This is not the complete list. I had messaged, I'd run the same thing in dev and test, so I have the command that I sent Tim.
Let me grab that because... yeah. So, this was the command that it includes the CTS rep servers...
The old ones, the CTS servers, and the CTS servers, so IBll pick up that and run that here. oh, weall also need the change ID, right?
oh, yeah, ites change underscore id equals to... Is it like this, or...?
Just like that? Yeah, change... change, right?
oh, yeah, yeah. Youre talking about the quotes. okay.
oh yeah, uh, and then its CHG...
2609906... Oh yeah, there you go. Sorry, Im making mistakes. I know youre able to type it like that.
okay, so they should validate that itas a valid change request thates in implement state because they want that control there.
We should not be making any changes to production without a valid change ID, so all prod Ansible playbooks require this dash e.

This is now without timestamps. Let me know if you need further edits!